Image deploy + dags erasure limitation (#3119)
astronomer/docs: astro/set-up-ci-cd.md

    id2-->|DAG-only deploy| id3[Astro Deployment]
```

One limitation of this strategy is that you must keep any local copies of the Astro project synchronized with both repositories in order to test Deployment code locally and ensure that updates from your Admin repo doesn't erase your DAGs. Your team members might have inconsistencies in their local environments if they can't access code changes from other team members. Astronomer recommends setting up a `dev` Deployment where DAG authors can see and modify project configurations for testing purposes.

:::warning

> When you do a full image deploy of your Admin repo, like to upgrade a Deployment runtime, it also updates DAGs by default. This means that if the Admin repository has an empty DAG folder, your Deployment DAGs are erased by the image deploy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you do a full image deploy of a repository, it also updates DAGs by default. This means that if you deploy your project configurations and it doesn't have your most recent DAG code, your Deployment's current DAGs are erased or reverted by the image deploy. Therefore, Astronomer recommends ensuring that any DAG changes are simultaneously updated in the repository where you manage project configurations.
```

Reviewer: The "Admin" repo was just an example, so I tried to abstract this to fit any repository dynamic. I also tried to add a solution to this problem, as the current note doesn't provide users with a lot of options.
